Your brother
Song Feng, it turns out that you are Song Feng's younger brother
Yes, I did.
Who made him as dead-headed as you?
You have to solve the case
blame yourself
You go to great lengths to get the words of joy and injustice
You know our secret, hahahaha, that's right.
This Book
You can get what you want.
But my brother is so smart.
How can you do it alone?
There are other people behind the scenes who are hard to say
At that time, I and um
You're trying to trick me
Is it done? I guessed right.
You've been tricked like everyone else
Don't dare to say it.
What do you mean?
I guess.
Everyone knows about it.
People who are in love are scared
Although you are only one of the masterminds behind the scenes
But also just a lackey
You want to save yourself with the washing aid road?
Anton tells the truth
I will avenge you.
I'll kill you!